Next - Update docs (#96)
cryptonative-ch/aqua-subgraph: README.md

$ npm run explore-local
```

> This requires a Docker installed. After starting, a local version of the graph, with a web front-end, is available at http://localhost:8000/subgraphs/name/adamazad/aqua

Author: ```suggestion
This snippet requires Docker. After deployment, a local version of the graph, with a web front-end, is available at http://localhost:8000/subgraphs/name/adamazad/aqua
```

# Architecture

## Data Sources

### Fixed Contracts

The subgraph listens for events from three fixed contracts; they are deployed once:

1. `AquaFactory`
2. `SaleLauncher`
3. `TemplateLauncher`
4. `ParticipantListLauncher`

### Dynamic Contracts (Templates)

These contracted deployed from the contracts above

1. `FairSale` from `SaleLauncher`
2. `FairSaleTemplate` from `TemplateLauncher`
3. `FixedPriceSale` from `SaleLauncher`
4. `FixedPriceSaleTemplate` from `TemplateLauncher`
5. `ParticipantList` from `ParticipantListLauncher`

## GraphQL Entities

> These entities are available in the subgraph. Schemas are in [`schema.graphql`](schema.graphql)

Author: ```suggestion
The following entities are available in the subgraph. Rest is available in [`schema.graphql`](schema.graphql)
```

### AquaFactory

> This is the most basic entity. It stores and tracks information about the `AquaFactory` contract.

Author: ```suggestion
Stores and tracks information about the `AquaFactory` contract.
```

### SaleTemplate

> Stores all sale templates added to `TemplateLauncher`, including the contract addres, ID and name.

Author: ```suggestion
Stores all sale templates added to `TemplateLauncher`, including the contract address, ID, and name. A template is essentially a sale mechanism.
```

### LaunchedSaleTemplate

Every time a new Sale Template is created - cloned - from the list of `SaleTemplate`s, the launched version with additional data is also stored. The launched sale template also stores IPFS metadata hash for sale.

### ParticipantList

> Sales can have a white-labeled list of addresses. This entity tracks the contract, the contract managers and list of participants.

Author: ```suggestion
Sales can have a white-labeled list of addresses. This entity tracks the contract, the contract managers, and the list of participants.
```

### FixedPriceSale

> Stores all information about the `FixedPriceSale`s. This includes, total commitments, withdrawals, sale status and other sale information.

Author: ```suggestion
Stores all information about the `FixedPriceSale`s. This includes total commitments, withdrawals, sale status, and other sale information.
```

### FixedPriceSaleUser

> Each address participating in a `FixedPriceSale` has a unique ID. The ID is in ths following format:

Author: ```suggestion
Each address participating in a `FixedPriceSale` has a unique ID. The ID is in the following format:
```

```
<saleAddress>/users/<userAddress>
```

### FixedPriceSaleCommitment

> A commitment is a pledge that the investor wishes to buy a certain amount of tokens in a `FixedPriceSale` should the sale reach the threshold. Each commitment has a status - `SUBMITTED`, `RELEASED` and/or `CLAIMED`. Each commitment. Commitments ID are formatted in

Author: ```suggestion
A commitment is a pledge that the investor wishes to buy a certain amount of tokens in a `FixedPriceSale` should the sale reach the threshold. Each commitment has a status - `SUBMITTED`, `RELEASED`, and/or `CLAIMED`. Commitments ID are formatted in
```

```
<saleAddress>/commitments/<userAddress>/<commitmentIndex>
```

### FixedPriceSaleWithdrawal

> Tracks sale withdrawals. This entity is available when a sale has successfully concluded -- reached the minimum raise threshold. Unlike `FixedPriceSaleCommitment`, `FixedPriceSaleWithdrawal` is aggregated per withdrawal event.

Author: ```suggestion
Tracks sale withdrawals. This entity is available when a sale has successfully concluded — reached the minimum raise threshold. Unlike `FixedPriceSaleCommitment`, `FixedPriceSaleWithdrawal` is aggregated per withdrawal event.
```

```
<saleAddress>/withdrawals/<userAddress>
```

### Token

> Stores information about ERC20 tokens that interact with Aqua contracts.

Author: ```suggestion
Stores information about ERC20 tokens that have been used as bidding or auctioning tokens in sales.
```

# FAQs

> **How to get factory information?**

Author: ```suggestion
**How to get the factory information?**
```

> The `AquaFactory` tracks ecosystem information

Author: ```suggestion
The `AquaFactory` tracks all information
```

```graphql
aquaFactory (id: “AquaFactory”) {
  id
  saleCount
  address
  feeManager
  feeTo
  templateManager
  templateLauncher
  saleFee
  feeNumerator
  templateFee
}
```

**How to get list of registered sale templates (mechanisms)?**

The `SaleTemplate` stores such information

```graphql
saleTemplates {
  id
  address
  name
  verified
}
```

**How to get the total number of sales?**

> The `AquaFactory` tracks number of sales in `saleCount`

Author: ```suggestion
The `AquaFactory` tracks the number of sales using `saleCount`
```
